this guy always using this I gotta see
now they picked the same person and
they're just stupid because it happen
affects older
the guy you
as always people arguing
same dumbass shit this morning when I
was dreamin or whatever so I fucking
didn't wanna bother baby shit anyone's I
did there's no point bed and they just
make a new name to come back so a lot
better
oh the gyros
you have some trouble there mattes
where is this fool
is that right
and is too harsh on my taste buds oh
he's too big
and it's a stupid fucking bullshit this
guy sucks amateurism wide I got a revive
everybody this is an amateur hour
ud amateur
here the amateur don't call me an
amateur oh that was to my event a quick
watch good job Mandy why you
discouraging people they're supposed to
be a casual Lobby I think you're gonna
like me better
that kid has had the most unpleasant
gaming experience because it's so good
good hope he gets better I was like yo
who's that talking right yeah I'm like
how did it get through the chat I guess
did I hear that in the chat yeah yeah
they did everything that we hear through
the TV they could hear you're the
amateur oh it's too good
somebody's about to cry
it kind of sounded like gisle so they
can hear everything we're saying huh
I don't know if it goes the whole time
this fucking nosey Kinect